Update docs to new structure (#13039)
JabRef/jabref: docs/getting-into-the-code/guidelines-for-setting-up-a-local-workspace/intellij-11-code-into-ide.md

# Step 1: Get the code into IntelliJ

## IntelliJ Startup

Start IntelliJ IDEA.

IntelliJ shows the following window:

{% figure caption:"IntelliJ Start Window" %}
![IntelliJ Start Window](guidelines-intellij-start-window.png)
{% endfigure %}

## Open the project

Click on "Open"

> Choose `build.gradle` in the root of the JabRef source folder:

Reviewer: We are not renaming jabref to JabRef anymore while cloning, so is this conflicting?

Author: Yes - the IntelliJ issue was solved.

I treally tried it with lower case - and it worked

> Choose `build.gradle` in the root of the JabRef source folder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose `build.gradle.kts` at the root of the JabRef source folder:
```
and double check the naming issue as mentioned above
